well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so tonight we got to talk about
title ten funding revenue a whole bunch
of facts and figures campaign promises
all kinds of things because what we have
is a whole bunch of people who are
extremely passionate about something
they know nothing about and that's how
we wound up in this situation people
listen to the talking points instead of
actually looking at the numbers which
are readily available I guess one of the
biggest misconceptions coming out right
now is that somehow Donald Trump has
kept a campaign promise by defunding
Planned Parenthood okay so what really
happened was Planned Parenthood withdrew
from Title 10 programs in the course of
that they're giving up 60 million
dollars they withdrew from it because a
rule from Health and Human Services says
that you can no longer provide abortion
referrals so if somebody walks in and
says I want to have an abortion if
you're taking this money you are
prohibited from telling them where to
get it it's that simple they gave that
up now they get sixty million dollars
none of which has ever been able to be
used for abortion to provide title 10
services which are STD screenings HIV
screenings birth control stuff like this
they get sixty million dollars because
they provide 41 percent of title ten
recipients with services now is that 60
million dollars defunding Planned
Parenthood I mean that sounds like a lot
of money it would be a lot of money if
you weren't talking about an
organization with a revenue of one point
six seven billion dollars billion with a
B that's sixty million dollars that
accounts for about three and a half
percent of their revenue
pretty sure the lights you'll be able to
stay on well at least they're not
getting tax dollars now wrong again
wrong again last year they got 563
million and tax dollars so you take out
the 60 million you got five hundred and
three how did they get that money via
Medicaid Medicaid with the exception of
cases where the mother's life is at risk
or incest rape those kinds of things
well there are that money is prohibited
from going to abortion as well they got
half a billion dollars for things other
than abortion well golly gee whiz it
seems like they do things other than
abortion I mean that's kind of stands to
reason right half a billion dollars
that's a lot of health care especially
when you're talking about procedures
that are relatively inexpensive and
we'll get to what that health care is
here in a minute so what does Planned
Parenthood gonna have to do to recoup
this sixty million dollars they're gonna
have to up their fundraising goal by ten
percent
Planned Parenthood gets six hundred and
thirty million dollars from private
individuals and entities and disclosure
notice I'm one of them
why because these people actually looked
into what Planned Parenthood does and
they realized that the talking points
about it being an abortion mill aren't
true
so and just so you know these t-shirts
they're available in our merchandise
shop half of this money goes to Planned
Parenthood when you get one of these
half the profits go to Planned
Parenthood or you can donate yourself if
you normally donate to Planned
Parenthood you need to up your donation
by 10 percent and then these health
centers can stay open what do these
health centers do last year alone
Planned Parenthood provided five hundred
and seventy thousand breast exams and
pap smears six hundred and fourteen
thousand cancer screenings two hundred
and sixteen thousand well woman exams
2.6 million instances of providing birth
control information or services and two
thousand eight hundred and thirty-one
adoption referrals that's always one of
those things why abort when adoption is
an option yeah they do that to the
ultimate irony in all of this is that as
far as women in need Planned Parenthood
provides one-third of them with birth
control services through these health
centers
what happens with less of birth control
there are more what unplanned
pregnancies which means there are more
abortions congratulations you played
yourself more than half of their health
centers are in rural or underserved
communities in counties where there is a
health center their health center
provides services to 68% that is why all
of a sudden the Department of Health and
Human Services is freaking out because
they're shocked they probably didn't
know the numbers either and when this
rule came out based felt certain that
Planned Parenthood would go along with
it they won't they didn't so they're
saying that they're abandoning their
patients their obligations to serve
their patients no actually they're
intending on keeping these health
centers open just doing it without the
federal money
so to recap none of this money ever went
to abortion to begin with that was your
local politician getting you mad to get
you to vote for him pretending to be a
Christian I guess and then from there
the money's gone
the evil abortion provider they're going
to continue providing the services and
what do they need to do that they have
to raise ten percent more from private
individuals that's what needs to happen
in order to do this the end result of
this if Planned Parenthood gets defunded
the way people think and they were to
actually shut down their health centers
there would be more abortions
if you're going to be passionate about
something to the point where you want to
propose legislation
maybe educate yourself on it it just a
fault
y'all have a good night